Name: Duong Tuan Hoang
Section: CMPSCI 4760 - Operating System
Version Control: git

Loglib.c:
The loglib.c provide user a logging utility. This library has 4 functions which are addmsg, getlog, savelog, and clearlog.
The addmsg function will add message to a log. It has two pointers (head and tail) to keep track of the log. Add messge function 
will return 0 if successfull, otherwise it return -1 for uncessfull and set errno along with it. If the user provide a fatal 
message, it will return immediately and save the log in a file. Get log function will generate a string which contains the log,
and return it. Get log function return a pointer if succesfull, otherwirse it returns NULL for unsuccessfull and set errno along 
with it. Savelog function will take in one string parameter as filename. It saves the current log to that file and call clearlog 
to clear the log. Savelog return 0 if successfull, otherwise it returns -1 if unsuccessfull and set errno along with it.

Driver.c:
This file provide a program to test loglib.c's functionality. The program can take it 3 argument: [-h] [-t sec] [logfile]
        [-h]: print help menu.
        [-t sec]: specify the average time sleep between each logging. If user doesn't
       		  specify this option, the time will automatically be set to 2.
        [logfile]: specify the output file. If user doesn't specify this option, 
        	   the output file will automatically be set to 'message.log'.
	This program will print an error if user passed too many logfile, or pass char literal when using -t option.
When running this program, it will ask user to pick two set of message (with fatal message and no fatal message) to test the 
loglib.c. User can pick either of them and wait for the process. The program will let user know when it finishes. Additionally,
this program takes advantage of perror to print error messages whenever there is any errors in the loglib.c.

Instruction to compile and run this project:
	Type 'make' to start compiling. After that, type 'make clean' to clean the object files. The output file should be named
	as 'driver.c'. Run command './driver.c' along with some arguments if you wish to do so. 
